and good hello to all and all kinds
6.6 and I hope that's good that you
have the form nobody listened to it's going
quite well especially since today
I have the pleasure to meet you for
a new video actually it's
a dose of information about the
next micro dlc from call of duty ghost
actually a few few
days infinity ward has unveiled the
content of this next microphone dlc I
wanted to people who talk to you about it and
tell you about it in this video is
actually from your blog it's going to be at
you actually play a role in the
selection in the content of the next
micro ol tv you will have the chance to
vote for what will the
next micro dlc finally i want everything
explain me in this in this video
so there have been some good here
just yesterday he made someone
sent this list infinity ward so
it's a list of ten your character
as you know on April 22
so within two days will actually come out
a microphone dlc with the content of the voice
of snoop dogg among others but
it's just so it's a whole
new innovation from
developers in the call of duty series
it's really times we see this guy
of this type of micro dlc with precisely
the voices of certain actors or
some artists simply
and actually today so you
will have the chance to vote for the
next artist so this person has
sent to tweet how to tell
infinity ward this list he said in
his twist in your tweet and the tag and
infinity ward he said here is the list of
ten characters were going to vote I
will then send him an ultimate you see
turin movies has subsequently responded
actually we need your
votes to know what will be the content of the
next micro dlc so in what we
will say in this small survey we have the
chance to vote for ten votes of ten
characters among others the most famous
erik hartmann from the chuck pork series
morgan freeman who plays in batman
among others and of course arnold
scharzenegger who plays in
in in terminator I think about that
it was the best known of the d3 the lily
and on which I have the most hesitation me
personally I voted for morgan
freeman I think it's really worth it
I would love to see him
in a dlc and that I find it really
interesting that a movie is giving us
the chance to vote for for
next dlc but it's from
the computer does not know from the
playstation network of the playstation
network or an xbox live we vote
as we did last year
actually black ops you have us
does this type of vote
with a camouflage I had the
plus it was some flash words you in
have the chance to vote for four
camouflage and then in these four there
two will be selected well there is the
same thing today I would put link
many teeth in the description have I
asked the community channels code
qg that 2 cf
if they would like to claude me to put
the survey link in the description
for you all to go to vote and
have the chance to select the
content of the next dlc the next
micro dlc that's who had done that to us
the days of black ops the us had
allowed to vote on the playstation
network and xbox live
and then it's the same thing has the
right to a vote between these ten
characters personally as I have
said i took morgan freeman so that's it
I find it very interesting from
of infinity ward to leave us the
chance to vote I hope it's going to be
reproduce more often when they have
had to get out of the mics dlc like that's okay
to be a little bit of us to choose
the future of microphones dlc so here are the
I hope you enjoyed the video
6 7 4
drop me a little green thumb that me
would gladly tell me in
comment which would you vote all
simply
then and so here is so I hope
that you liked me I tell you by
good day good late afternoon
morning bones it's a jack 6 and we get
find for a next video
go ciao